Periodic warning for 1-node cluster w/ seed hosts (#88013)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/discovery/discovery-settings.asciidoc

completely published to all nodes, unless `discovery.type` is set to
`single-node`. The default value is `30s`. See <<cluster-state-publishing>>.

> `cluster.single_node_cluster_seed_hosts_check_interval`::
> (<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
> Sets the interval of the check that warns that seed hosts (see
> `discovery.seed_hosts`) have been defined for a fully-formed single-node
> cluster. The default value is `30s`.

Reviewer: Reflecting on the user-facing view of this feature, I think something more generic would be a bit better. For instance:

```suggestion
`cluster.discovery_configuration_check.interval `::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
Sets the interval of some checks that will log warnings about an
incorrect discovery configuration. The default value is `30s`.
```

Not that we necessarily intend to add any more periodic checks in future, but if we did we could use the same schedule.
